President
I'm also drunk
Why don't you send someone home?
It's not an alcohol allergy
It's not good to drink so much Baijiu
What a lie
I don't want to go
I won't let go
I don't oops, don't let go, don't let go
Say I can't
Can't I really?
Thank you boss
Thank you, big brother, for being in power today and doing something to relieve the danger.
Yeah, but I got to tell you
Well, one thing
It was me and your assistant who found out
You mustn't go
Run away, this is the business you said
What did you say?
Nothing, nothing, don't worry.
I won't hold him accountable.
It's nothing, I'll go first
Ah goodbye boss
Why don't you die?
You destroyed my home
And my dad's life's work
It's not me, it's not me, it's not me
No, I love him.
Not me not me